[3.6](Grid,TreeList,TreeView,Gantt,Scheduler): Drag and Drop document… (#1151)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/overview.md

* [export to Excel]({%slug grid-export-excel%}) and other formats
* [automatically resize columns to fit their content]({%slug components/grid/columns/resize%}#autofit-columns)
* [get or set the Grid configuration state]({%slug grid-state%})

> * get the corresponding `TItem` of the destination Grid from the passed [`DestinationIndex`]({%slug grid-drag-drop-overview%}#event-arguments) - `GetItemFromDropIndex(string index)`

Reviewer: This sentence is too technical and not understanble out of context. We can be more general -

```suggestion
* [get the dragged data item and its drop index from the destination Grid instance]({%slug grid-drag-drop-overview%})
```
